README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Trail</h1>

  <p>
    <strong>Platform to create and share your trips</strong>
  </p>
  

  <p>  
    <a href="https://app.codecov.io/gh/gilengel/trail" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/gilengel/trail?style=for-the-badge" alt="coverage"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/gilengel/trail/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gilengel/trail?style=for-the-badge" alt="license"></a>
  </p>  
</div>

# Vision
Introducing Trail, your ultimate travel companion! With Trail, the process is as simple as uploading the photos you've taken during your journey. The magic happens behind the scenes. Trail automatically weaves these photos into beautifully crafted representations of your travels, leaving you with stunning visual narratives that are bound to captivate and inspire.

And that's not all – you still maintain the power to tailor your travel story to perfection. With our user-friendly and enjoyable customization options, you can add your personal touch, turning your travelogue into a work of art that reflects your unique style and perspective.

So, are you ready to relive your adventures in a whole new light? Join the Trail community and let your travel memories shine. With Trail, your travel story is just a click away from becoming a masterpiece worth sharing!"

# Free & Open Source
Unlock the full potential of Trail - and the best part? It's completely free, no strings attached. While we're gearing up to offer a hosted version in the near future, we believe in giving you the power to take control of your own Trail experience, and that comes without any hidden fees or costs (except, of course, your hosting expenses).

We encourage you to dive into the code, remix it, and make it your own. Feel free to fork this project, shaping it to meet your unique needs and aspirations. We highly value your contributions to the continuous development of Trail and eagerly await your feedback on how we can enhance the journey for all of our tech-savvy users.

Now, here's the catch, though it's a small one: We uphold the integrity of our codebase. Each fork must honor the license of Trail (AGPL), ensuring that this collaborative effort remains open and accessible to all. 




# Development
TBD

Commit message:

Squashed 'backend/' changes from 5ec6e3d..033acf0
033acf0 chore: Add jsdoc to eslint checks

git-subtree-dir: backend
git-subtree-split: 033acf0899bc43163e1a0830f1e87fa260856dfa

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Trail</h1>

  <p>
    <strong>Platform to create and share your trips</strong>
  </p>
  

  <p>  
    <a href="https://app.codecov.io/gh/gilengel/trail" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/gilengel/trail?style=for-the-badge" alt="coverage"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/gilengel/trail/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gilengel/trail?style=for-the-badge" alt="license"></a>
  </p>  
</div>

# Vision
Introducing Trail, your ultimate travel companion! With Trail, the process is as simple as uploading the photos you've taken during your journey. The magic happens behind the scenes. Trail automatically weaves these photos into beautifully crafted representations of your travels, leaving you with stunning visual narratives that are bound to captivate and inspire.

And that's not all – you still maintain the power to tailor your travel story to perfection. With our user-friendly and enjoyable customization options, you can add your personal touch, turning your travelogue into a work of art that reflects your unique style and perspective.

So, are you ready to relive your adventures in a whole new light? Join the Trail community and let your travel memories shine. With Trail, your travel story is just a click away from becoming a masterpiece worth sharing!"

# Free & Open Source
Unlock the full potential of Trail - and the best part? It's completely free, no strings attached. While we're gearing up to offer a hosted version in the near future, we believe in giving you the power to take control of your own Trail experience, and that comes without any hidden fees or costs (except, of course, your hosting expenses).

We encourage you to dive into the code, remix it, and make it your own. Feel free to fork this project, shaping it to meet your unique needs and aspirations. We highly value your contributions to the continuous development of Trail and eagerly await your feedback on how we can enhance the journey for all of our tech-savvy users.

Now, here's the catch, though it's a small one: We uphold the integrity of our codebase. Each fork must honor the license of Trail (AGPL), ensuring that this collaborative effort remains open and accessible to all. 




# Development
Forward: We want to encourage and enable everybode to participate in trails development. It can be frustrating and scary for new developers to join an existing project with a huge codebase and years of development. To ease the burden and lower the entry bar we try to document as much and as detailled as possible. Also we believe in strong CI that help to ensure a certain degree on quality without manual checks.
